Data Representation and Conversion	
1. Computer data is all based in many 1’s and 0’s called binary, which mirrors the on/off nature of computer processors, and binary can be converted into more readable 
base 10. 
2. Most significant bit is one leftmost bit. This bit is worth all other bits plus one.
3. Boolean Logic is the most basic logic that computers rely on, it's the ANDs ORs, NORs, and XORs.
4. Base 16 is a counting method which has 16 unique symbols and is also known as hexadecimal. It uses 0-9 and A,B,C,D,E, and F as different digits. 
5. 2’s complement is a method which allows a byte to be viewed as a negative number. It works by reversing all the bits in the byte and adding 1 to it. This works because 
everything is being subtracted by the most significant bit. 

Processors
1. Processors are physical objects that manipulate data and compare data. This is done with math.
2. Computer clocks dictate how fast a processor can calculate. Often measured in hertz.
3. Transistors are used by CPUs to create logic, something necessary for computers to do for data manipulation. 
4. Due to transistors creating heat whenever used, processors often require cooling devices to keep the device from overheating and damaging itself. 
5. CPUs contain a small amount of storage called registers and caches. These are valuable since they’re located near the CPU which reduces the amount of time it takes
to send and receive data. 

Processes
1. A process is a program which is currently being handled by the processor, and the process requires resources from the processor. 
2. The operating system is software that regulates other pieces of software by providing and restricting access to resources the computer has. 
3. The Process Control Block is a table the OS uses to store information on processes.
4. “Suspended” is a state processes could be found in. This means that the OS decides to not run it.
5. The five different states a process can find itself in are executing, waiting, blocked, suspended, and ready. 

Secondary Storage
1. Secondary storage has more storage space, is more stable, and is slower than primary storage. 
2. The SATA interface sends information in streams, which was found to work more efficiently than PATA. 
3. Hard drives are made from spinning platters with many tracks and sectors within the tracts. 
4. Solid-state drives don’t use any moving parts to store data, which reduces the chances of mechanical error. This reduces the heat built as well since friction is reduced. 
5. RAID stands for redundant array of Independent Disks and multiple types of RAID allow for data recovery during types of drive failure. 

System Integration
1. A computer consists of multiple pieces of hardware which all must be compatible with one another. 
2. The chipset is found on the motherboard and all parts added to the computer must be compatible.
3. Fans are a cooling device found in many different computers which pump heat from the devices to the outside environment.
4. Motherboards come in many different sizes, Mini-ITX, Micro-ATX, ATX, and EATX. The larger the motherboard, the fewer cases the motherboard can fit in. 
5. A common computer contains a motherboard, CPU, power supply, RAM, secondary storage, heat sinks, fans, and possibly a graphics card.

System Administration Tools
1. To remove human error from computers, tools have been employed to do a great deal of monotonous work and make it standardized. 
2. Automation is the process of making something work without any human input. 
3. System utilities provide people with reports on what the computer has done, allowing the human to make decisions based on information on the computer. 
4. Maintenance is the process of gaining information from a computer and using that information to keep the system running well. 
5. A commonly used tool is Task Manager, it gives the user the ability to both change what programs run at startup and to end tasks which are currently happening.

Input / Output
1. I/O is the way the outside word interacts with the computer, and how the computer interacts with the outside world.
2. USB stands for Universal Serial Bus, and it's a common way for computers to interact with the outside world. 
3. Serial means bytes of information are sent bit by bit, unlike parallel where multiple bits are sent at the same time.
4. Interrupts are a way for I/O devices to signal to the system they have an input. 
5. A common type of input device is a mouse or keyboard. A common output device is a monitor. 

Networking
1. Networks are necessary to connect to other devices, and these networks rely both on protocols and on physical hardware.
2. An IP address is a special identification which is provided to devices on a network. 
3. The OSI model is a framework which displays networks having 7 layers necessary for communication between machines.
4. Topology refers to the layout of a network, how the switches and computers relate to each other.
5. A DNS server is a server which stores and provides the IP addresses. When you look up something like “www.google.com” and you don’t have the IP address presaved, your 
browser will contact a DNS server and ask for the IP.

Scripting
1. Scripting is the way of automating tasks by sequencing different actions.
2. The Windows PowerShell is a command line shell which allows for scripting.
3. Python is a scripting language which allows the development of programs which can automate tasks.
4. .ps1 files are the extensions for PowerShell files.
5. Commands are very serious since they don’t have a warning system. The del command can remove files, and a user may mistakenly delete a file without warning. 

Linux
1. Linux is a highly customizable operating system which is a key part of the digital infrastructure. 
2. In terms of Linux operating systems, distributions are different flavors of Linux which usually cater to specific audiences. 
3. Open source software is software where the source code is available to the public without any charge.
4. Commercial software is software which does not have their source code available to the public.
5. One of the most common Linux distributions seen today is Ubuntu with an estimated 40+ million users.

Security
1. Vulnerabilities are always prevalent in machines, but the damage can be reduced when bad actors break into a system.
2. Bad actors are people who intend to harm to system and networks.
3. Security holes, or vulnerabilities, are certain steps which allows bad actors to gain access to unintended abilities or files on a computer or network.
4. Authentication is the process of restricting who has access to certain computers or networks. Often helps reduce the amount of bad actors. 
5. One of the best ways to prevent security holes in your computer is to update software and the operating system. 
Digital Forensics. 
1. Digital forensics is a field of cybersecurity which focuses on investigating incidents and criminal cases.
2. Evidence can be found in many different devices, this includes but is not limited to phones, computers, servers, MP3 players, and anything else which can store data.
3. Digital forensics investigations are often used for internal investigations to see if an employee is going against company policy or the law. 
4. Volatile data is data which will disappear when the storage device is powered off. 
5. Wireshark is a piece of software which allows the user to analyze live networks, record live networks, or analyze recorded network traffic. 
