1.	How would you classify Champlain's network (for example, is it a PAN, LAN, or WAN)? Justify your answer.
  a.	PANs are very small-scale networks. These networks are found only on and around a person in a short radius. The connection between a smartphone and watch would be a PAN. 
      The school network has too many things with too much distance from each other to be a PAN.
  b.	WANs are networks which span over large distances. These could be networks connected over many miles. I don’t believe that the Champlain College network covers enough 
      territory to be considered a WAN.
  c.	A LAN is the most appropriate for the network type of Champlain College since the other two describe networks far different from the one here. 

2.	Between the OSI and TCP/IP Model, which one seems more useful for describing networks? Justify your answer.
  a.	They both are good at describing, but it seems to me that the TCP/IP model is more focused on the transmission than on the network itself. It’s seen in how it collapses 
      a great deal of the OSI model. 
  b.	The OSI model is created to display the distinct parts of the network which work in junction, which would display how they won’t in conjunction with each other. 

3.	Suppose Champlain College was given a Class A network ID for its network (i.e., it had 2^24 addresses to assign to computers).  Give one reason why this would be a good 
    thing, and one reason why this might be a bad thing. 
  a.	2^24 provides ample amount of IP addresses. It would total 16,777,216 total IP addresses, and this would provide enough for a long time. 
  b.	The bad thing is that there will be so many different IP addresses, which could make it difficult for the administrators to manage. Scans of the network would have to 
      scan every one of the millions of IP addresses, which could take a long time. 


4.	Suppose a colleague came to you and said that they could not connect to a website. How might you use some or all of the network tools from this chapter to diagnose the 
    problem?
  a.	The first thing I would try would be to ping the website, another website, or another item on the network like my device from theirs. If this is not possible, then the 
      device must have a problem with connecting to the network.
  b.	If the device is unable to ping other items on the network, I would then try to ping localhost, which is yourself on the network. If this results in a failure, then the 
      TCP/IP protocol isn’t functioning properly.
  c.	If the device was able to connect to the network and ping properly, I would recommend using the tracert command with the website’s domain name as the target. There 
      could very well be a problem with the route getting to the destination which is causing the problem. 
  d.	If all else fails, a little restarting of the computer never hurt and would probably fix most problems. 
